Find me suitable
Come down and thank Miss Jiang for saving her life
Just a little effort
Besides, the emperor asked me to save you
Even so
I should still thank Miss Jiang for her assistance
The afterglow of Cuihe Pavilion asks the world
I would like to invite Miss Jiang
Legend has it that the best fish club in Beijing
Hmm want to eat
He is not available
I, Jiang Wanle, want to detoxify this king
Li Gongzi still eliminated this year as soon as possible
One fish stew buys you off
Do you know who he is?
Did you know that your father and his father
What is the relationship?
Haven't I agreed yet?
If I hadn't moved fast
Just go with him
Cui Weige's fish cui is good
But not as good as the palace chef
You have to be really greedy
The king can prepare celebrities
Then it's settled.
Thank you, Your Highness. You've already thanked me twice
How to thank the king